On the 3rd of September, the Raiun General had finally met our demands.
The Raiun Army and the BA5 Army, which had been close to 100,000, had reached a total of unconditional surrender.
The Raiun Army, which had been close to 100,000, had reached a total surrender since its landing.
Next, I would like to address the Chimoru Islands.
Since December 16, the Chimoru Islands have been a place of self-defense by the BA5 Army.
Although the Chimoru Islands were a place of self-defense by the BA5 Army,
the Raiun Army was unable to achieve a strategy for self-defense in this region.
However, the Raiun Army had taken the land that was most fertile in the world,
and the Raiun Army was able to achieve a strategy for self-defense by the BA5 Army.
The Raiun Army was able to achieve a strategy for self-defense by the BA5 Army.
On February 20, the Chimoru Islands and the BA5 Army were able to reach the Chimoru Islands,
and the Raiun Army was able to reach the Chimoru Islands,
and the Raiun Army was able to achieve a strategy for self-defense by the BA5 Army.
Next, I would like to address the Hiruma area.
The Hiruma area
The Hiruma area is a place of self-defense by the BA5 Army.
In the close cooperation with the Air Force,
on February 16, the Hiruma area was destroyed by the Isshidan